0.  TODO
1.  TODO
2.  TODO
3.  TODO
4.  TODO
5.  TODO
6.  What's stdint.h?
    stdint.h is a header file in the c standard library. it allows you to specify fixed with integer types. According to different sources it allows for programs to be more portable.
    
7.  What's the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
    using this integer types you are able to control the exact number of bits that the variable uses. for example uint8_t uses exactly 8 bits.
    
8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
    A BYTE is one byte in size. A DWORD is 4 bytes in size. A LONG is also 4 bytes in size but it is signed. A WORD is hald a DWORD and is 2 bytes in size.
    
9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be?
    All BMP files must begin with "BM" in decimal that would 66 and 77 and in hex it would be 0x42 and 0x4D
    
10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    bfSize is the size in bytes that the entire BMP uses. biSize is only the number of BYTES that the structure BITMAPINFOHEADER need.
    
11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    this means that the computer should draw the bitmap from the top down. 
    
12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
    biBitCount
    
13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
    fopen would return NULL if it is not able to open the document. for example if you were trying to open a file in a folder in which the program has no write permission.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
    the third argument is always one because you have created a structure of the exact size for each of the information you wish to read.
    For example when you are reading a pixel at a time you created rgbtriple which reads the three bytes required but since you only read one pixel your argument is 1.
    
15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
    it would assign 3
16. What does fseek do?
    fseek moves your location within an open file.
    
17. What is SEEK_CUR?
    the current location in the file. one of the possible third arguments of fseek. this tells fseek to start moving from current location.
    
18. Whodunit?
    Jason Hirschhorn
